https://github.com/NiharMandal143/Accops_Certification_Program.git
Final quiz Attempt1 of Technical
1.What tokens users can use for reauthentication in HySecure?
 Ans : SMS Email 

2.Which type of end-user licensing is supported in HySecure gateway V5299?
Ans : Named and Concurrent 

4.What is the purpose of generating an Application Based Report?
Ans : To analyse user activity for a specific application. 

5.Which log file contains log to troubleshoot errors related to HySecure features?
Ans : Error Logs

6.What are the options available while importing users from a CSV file into HySecure?
Ans : Don't update existing users accounts and update existing one append new 

7.In the context of HySecure Gateway, what is the purpose of an App Tunnel IP Address Pool?
Ans : Providing unique IPs to users accessing published applications 

8.What does the "Endpoint Protection" policy control?
Ans :   Internet access and external connections on user's machine. 

9.Which type of users primarily log in with just a username and password?
Ans :   Low Security Users 

10.Which option is used to apply 5.4 Service Pack 2 in the firmware upgrade of HySecure?
Ans : Service pack 

11.What type of license is applied by default on a fresh HySecure Gateway installation?
Ans : Concurrent User License for 5 users. 

12.Where is the logs for test SMS messages located?
Ans : ---------------WrongHyID logs-------- 

13.What is default behaviour of Endpoint security ACL?
Ans : --------------------Wrong Validate Device profile and allow login from client or hylite if condition matches---------------------

14.What is the purpose of the Destination field in route entries?
Ans :   It defines the target network. 

15.What is the primary purpose of applying an SSL certificate on the HySecure Gateway?
  To establish a secure HTTPS connection

16.Which of the following is correct for Remote Meeting application?
  Ans : ---------Wrong   Remote meeting applications supported with HyLite as well as HySecure client. ----------

17.What are the different authentication protocols supported in HySecure gateway?
   LDAP 
  SAML 
  All  (Correct)
  Radius 

18.What log file category holds activity like login-logout, device and app access?
  Ans : User Logs

19. Which option enables the display of a client download option on the customized portal page?
  Ans :   Show 'HySecure Client Download' option 

20. What does unlock user profile does?
  Ans : -----------Wrong   Unlocks Users account in HySecure -----------

21.Where are the settings to Enable/Disable auto-realm detection feature on management console?
  Ans : ------Wrong   In Settings menu go to Global setting and then click on Client option. -----

22.How many Mandatory Profiles can be created in HySecure?
 Ans :   One

23.What are the prerequisites for a HySecure gateway HA Cluster?
 Ans :   NTP Server 

24.What does "DMS" stand for in the context of Auth as service?
  Ans :   Device Messaging Service 

25.What is a common use case for FIDO tokens?
  Ans :   Logging into online accounts 

26.What does the acronym "CARTA" stand for in the context of user reauthentication?
  Ans :   Continuous Adaptive Risk and Trust Assessment 

27.What is the role of LIS?
   Ans : ---------------- Wrong  Proxy between HySecure gateway and SMS gateway  Wrong ------------------ 

28.What is the purpose of log archival in HySecure gateway?
   Ans :   Compress files and keep required files as per config 

29.What is the purpose of the Metric field in route entries?
   Ans :   It represents the cost of the route. 

30.What purpose does configuring an IP Address Pool serves in HySecure Gateway ?
   Ans :   Providing unique IPs for user's 

31.Which Access Control is employed to provide application access in HySecure?
   Ans :   Application 

32.What happens to the standby node during auto failover in HySecure?
   Ans :   It takes over as the active node 

33.What does the "Account Lockout" policy restrict?
   Ans :   Access through HySecure after specific duration 

34.What is a reverse proxy in the context of web applications?
   Ans :   A server that sits between clients and backend servers, forwarding client requests. 

35.What does NTP stand for in the context of computer networking?
   Ans : Network Time Protocol

36.How does authentication server failover work in HyWorks?
   Ans : HyWorks keeps on checking the status of both authentication servers, and on failure of one authentication server, the second is used.

37.How does HyWorks ensure data is not lost when a session is disconnected?  
   Ans :    Sessions are saved and resumed on reconnection  

38.How can administrators ensure security in HyWorks environments?
   Ans :   Apply security patches regularly 

39.How does authorization work in HyWorks?
   Ans : Assigning roles, apps, desktops based on groups and OU fetched from the authorization server after authenticating with the authentication server. 
   
40.What does HyWorks use to manage user sessions?
   Ans :   Connection Profiles 

41.What is the recommended method for updating virtual desktops in HyWorks?
   Ans : Update the gold image and recompose 

42.Which component is responsible for delivering virtual desktops to end-users?
   Ans : --------------- Wrong HyWorks Client  ------------

43.Which port does HyWorks controller use for default communication with clients?
   Ans :   38866 

44.What is the function of the HyWorks Agent?
   Ans :   Facilitate communication between the client and the controller 

45.Default heartbeat interval?
   Ans : ----- Wrong  60  ----

46.How can administrators restrict user access to specific network resources in HyWorks?
   Ans :   Configure connection profiles 

47.What hypervisors and management servers can be used as dedicated session provider in HyWorks?
 Ans : --------- Wrong   Citrix XenServers Microsoft Hyper-V/ SCVMM Vmware ESXi/ vCenter ---

48.How can an administrator assign a specific desktop to a user in HyWorks?
Ans:   Use a Personal Desktop Pool 

49.What type of desktops does HyWorks support for deployment?
Ans:   Windows and Linux desktops 

50.What protocol does HyWorks use for secure communication?
Ans:   HTTPS 

51.Default RDP port to which connection is made to access?
Ans:   3389 

52.What is the primary function of the HyWorks Client?
Ans:   Connect to virtual desktops 

53.Is it possible to use a different AD/LDAP server for authentication and authorization in HyWorks?
Ans:   Yes 

54.Customer needs to deploy desktop pool for a group of developers, what kind of pool should be deployed?
Ans:   Personal Persistent Desktop pool - Dynamic provisioning 

55.Which protocol does HyWorks primarily use for establishing secure remote desktop connections?
Ans:  RDP over TLS 

56.How can end-users customize their HyWorks client settings?
Ans :   Using the client interface 

57.How can an administrator monitor user activity in HyWorks?
Ans:   Via the Management Console 

58.What type of storage does HyWorks support for virtual desktops?
Ans:   SAN and NAS storage 

59.What is the primary benefit of using connection profiles in HyWorks?
Ans:   Customize user sessions 

60.How does HyWorks optimize resource allocation for virtual desktops?
Ans:   Dynamic provisioning 

61.We have 3 desktops in desktop pools - powered on with IP and desktop agent as responding. User-1 logs-in and gets assigned with desktop-1 User-2 logs-in and gets assigned with desktop-2 User-1 logs out and desktop-1 is released User-3 logs in, which desktop will be assigned?
Ans : ------------- Wrong Desktop-1 -------

62.What is the process of creating virtual desktops in HyWorks?
Ans :   Clone a master template 

63.Which type of authentication server in HyWorks supports failover?
Ans:   Microsoft Active Directory

64.Can we add multiple authentication servers in HyWorks?
Ans:   Yes, we can add. 

65.I have recently created a VM on VMware vCenter server. When I try to create a desktop pool in HyWorks, I am not able to see the newly created VM. What is the problem? How can I solve it?
Ans: ---------Wrong Update the desktop pool to trigger a refresh.-----
  HyWorks refreshes its VM cache every hour (configurable). Edit the provider and update 

66.With which Accops product is the HyID Module integrated?
Ans : Hysecure 

67.How does the HyID module handle endpoint compliance checks?
Ans :    By verifying device health before granting access 

68.What is the recommended action if a device fails a compliance check in HyID?
Ans :   Block access 

69.Which of the following can be used as an authentication factor in HyID?
Ans :   sms token 

70.What does "ADS" stand for?
Ans : Accops Directory Server 

71.Which of the following can be used as an authentication factor in HyID?
Ans : Username and password 

72.For Linux OS MFA, which type of Hysecure Policy is required?
Ans : ------------- Wrong   Linux Registration Policy for 2FA  --------

73.What is the main purpose of the HyID "Compliance Module"?
Ans :   Ensuring devices meet security standards 

74.What are some best practices for securing the HyID server itself?
Ans : All(incorrect)

 Regularly back up the HyID configuration 
  All 
  Use strong passwords and enforce regular rotation 
  Keep the HyID software updated with the latest security patches 

75.How does HyID ensure the authenticity of remote users?
Ans:   By enforcing multifactor authentication 

76.What are some best practices for educating users about HyID and its security features?
Ans : All(correct)
  Simulate phishing attacks to test user awareness 
  Conduct regular awareness campaigns about phishing and social engineering attacks 
  All 
  Provide clear and concise user manuals and training materials 

77.Which of the following is not a feature of Accops HyID?
Ans:   Hardware Virtualization 

78.What is the primary focus of HyID's "Endpoint Security" module?
Ans :   Ensuring device compliance 

79.Which of the following Accops clients does the HyID module support for multifactor authentication (MFA)?
Ans : VPN clients 

80.When integrating HyID with Active Directory, what role does it typically play?
Ans : Identity provider 

81.In HyID, what does the term "BYOD" stand for?
Ans :   Bring Your Own Device 

82.What is the process for enrolling a new mobile device for MFA with HyID?
Ans : All (correct)
    Download and install the HyID mobile app 
  Enter passcode which is display in Accops HYID app to complete registration 
  Register the device using a one-time enrollment code or QR code 
  Scan a QR code provided by the HyID admin 
  All 

83.HyID uses certificates for secure communication. True or False?
   Ans :   TRUE 

84.What is the full form of IDP?
 Ans :   Identity Provider 

85.Which of these is not a part of the HyID Module?
Ans :   PAM (Incorrect)

  Single Sign-On 
  ADS or LIS 
  PAM 
  RADIUS 
  Devices Control 

86.How does HyID enhance security during remote access scenarios?
Ans :  By enforcing multifactor authentication (MFA) 

87.Windows Desktop Agent Requires desktop Agent to be installed on?
Ans : VM OR MACHINE WHERE MFA REQUIRED 

88.What does the acronym "OTP" stand for in the context of HyID multi-factor authentication?
Ans : One-Time Password 

89.ADS acts as a
 Ans : LDAP Proxy Server 
    
90.Which protocol does Accops HyID primarily use for secure authentication and authorization?
Ans :    RADIUS


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Final quiz Attempt2 of Technical

Q1.In the context of HySecure Gateway, what is the purpose of an App Tunnel IP Address Pool?
  Ans: Providing unique IPs to users accessing published applications 

    Providing unique IPs to users accessing published applications 
    Assigning IP addresses to physical servers 
    Allocating IP addresses to virtual machines 
    Managing IP addresses for internal network devices 

Q2.In the context of Ping, what does ICMP stand for?
  Ans: Internet Control Message Protocol 
          
    Internet Connection Management Protocol 
    International Computer Monitoring Protocol 
    Internet Communication Multiplexing Protocol 
    Internet Control Message Protocol 

Q3.Which option enables the display of a copyright message on the customized portal page?
   Ans: Show Copyright 

    Edit CSS 
    Show Copyright 
    Edit web portal HTML files 
    Customize Theme 

Q4.Reverse proxy application access requests are served by:
   Ans: nginx Server 

    All 
    Apache-Web Server 
    nginx Server 
    Tomcat Server 
   
Q5.What are the prerequisites for two HySecure nodes to exist in the same HySecure cluster?
   Ans: Same HySecure OS and Hotfix version 

    Same HySecure OS and Hotfix version 
    Can be different HySecure OS and Hotfix version 
    Same HySecure OS Version 
    Same Hotfix Version 

Q6.What is the full form of "CSR"?
   Ans: Certificate signing request 
   
    Central sign request 
    Certificate signing request 
    Cert sign request 
    Certificate Sign request 
   
Q7.What is the primary purpose of using different domains or URIs in a HySecure cluster?
   Ans: To differentiate between different groups of users 

    To differentiate between different groups of users 
    To provide secure access to external websites 
    To separate users from different countries 
    To prevent access to the gateway 

Q8.What are different utilities that can be used to troubleshoot issues in HySecure?
   Ans: All 
    All 
    traceroute 
    TCPdump 
    Wireshark 

Q9.What is the purpose of the "Secondary DNS" field in the host configuration?
   Ans:   It is used when the primary DNS is unable to resolve names 
    
    It is used when the primary DNS is unable to resolve names 
    It is the primary DNS for the system 
    It specifies the IP Address of the interface 
    It is an alternate default gateway 
 